With both the custom event bus we put together and Nat streaming that we're using now.
One thing that was really critical was to make sure that we could handle a service going offline for
some period of time while the service is offline.
We're not going to be able to process any events that are being emitted.
So when this thing might come back online, we need to make sure that we can somehow give it a list
of all the events it has missed.
So we got to figure out how to do that.
With Nat streaming in this video, we're going to first take a look at a kind of naive way of doing
this and then eventually how we can combine a couple of different options together to come up with a
ideal solution.
So whenever we emit or publish an event in that streaming, it's going to be stored internally inside
of this channel.
So we might emit something like account deposit 70.
That's is going to try to deliver that to our service and simultaneously store a copy of that event
as well.
We might then also emit this deposit of $40 that will be emitted to the account service and simultaneously
save to event history.
So all these events that we ever emit inside of a channel will be automatically saved when we then create
a subscription at some point in time in the future, we can customize the subscription and tell it to
somehow grab or get this list of events that have been emitted at some point in the past.
So let's take a look at exactly how we do that.
Now to get started, I'm going to first go back over to my terminal and I'm going to close down the
second copy of The Listener.
Some things work just a little bit differently if we are running these options with a group.
So I'm going to remove the queue group very temporarily as we take a look at how we can re deliver these
events that we missed in the past.
So I'll make sure that I only have one listener running.
I'll then go over to my editor.
I'm going to find that argument we put in the side of Year of Order Service Queue Group and delete it
right now.
Okay.
So now to somehow tell Nat so we want to re deliver or get some messages that have already been delivered
in the past.
We're going to add in another subscription option to this list of options.
I'm going to first get started by doing a command click on subscription options that will take me to
the type definition file, and then I should be able to scroll down just a little bit and see an interface
right here of subscription options.
If you do not see that interface, then you can go back to where we just command, click to and do a
command click on the interface right here of subscription options.
So this has the listing of all the different option methods that are available to us.
We can scroll down a little bit and we're going to see that there are some options like set start at
sequence, set start time.
Set start with last received and set deliver all available.
So these are some different methods that we can call to customize which events we get replayed or resent
that have been emitted in the past, possibly while our service was offline.
Let's try out, set, deliver, all available.
So if we add in this option to our subscription to object that whenever our subscription gets created,
Nats is going to try to send over all the events that we missed while or before the subscription was
ever created or while it's been down.
Okay.
So back inside my listener file, I'm going to find the options object and I'm going to chain on.
After doing a little bit of cleanup here just to make this more legible.
Set deliver all available like so.
And then going to save this.
Look back over.
And now we'll see that the still running list to right here has restarted and it has been sent all of
the different events that we have emitted over time.
If I tried to restart this with an RS when the subscription is recreated again on this next startup,
it gets sent all the events again.
And so I can restart as many times as I want and every single time I get emitted the big list of events.
So clearly this is kind of handy for making sure that if a service ever goes down, we can somehow get
a list of all the events that have been emitted in the past.
The only downside here is, well, every single time we start up a new listener, because maybe we are
restarting our service or maybe we are scaling it up or whatever it is we are going to be.
Re delivered our big list of events after we've been running our application for possibly weeks, months
or years.
There might be thousands or hundreds of thousands or even millions of different events saved up.
So it's not super feasible in the long term to just say that with every subscription, give me all the
different events that have ever been emitted.
It could work, but it's not super feasible.
So we usually do not use this set deliver all available option by itself.
Instead, we're going to use this option along with one other option that's going to give us some more
desirable behavior.
So let's take a pause right here.
We'll take a look at that other option in the next video.